Add a Snackbar component (#46)
COMATCH/comatch-design-system: README.md

**Contents:**
- [Deployment](#deployment)

# Code Approval & QA before deployment
1. Make sure you are up to date with master branch: 
   - `git checkout master`
   - `git pull origin master`
   - `git checkout <YOUR_WORKING_BRANCH>`
   - `git rebase master`
2. Open PR
3. Get PR approved
4. Get QA from Rafa on your local host by 1-1 meeting
5. Merge your PR into master
# Deployment
1. Make sure you are up to date with master branch: 
   - `git checkout master`
   - `git pull origin master`
2. Assure that the package is ready:
   - `yarn lint`
   - `yarn test`
   - `yarn start` (make sure that storybook is working as expected)
   - `yarn build` (generate the new bundle)
   - [`npm version major|minor|patch`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/version)

> 8. `yarn build` (generate the new bundle)

Reviewer: This is already step 2 from deployment

Author: at step2 we update the version with `npm version major|minor|patch` after `yarn build`. The reason of updating version after creating build in step-2 was to identify any kind of error which were not identified earlier.

> 9. `npm publish` (will publish to the *npm registry*)
> 10. `git push origin master` (push version commit to master)
> 10. Create tag with latest version of the package:
>     - `git tag <VERSION_NUMBER_IN_PACKAGE_JSON>`
>     - `git push origin <VERSION_NUMBER_IN_PACKAGE_JSON>`
> 11. Deploy **storybook** to **Github Pages**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `npm publish` (will publish to the *npm registry*)
4. `git push origin master` (push version commit to master)
5. Create tag with latest version of the package:
    - `git tag <VERSION_NUMBER_IN_PACKAGE_JSON>`
    - `git push origin <VERSION_NUMBER_IN_PACKAGE_JSON>`
6. Deploy **storybook** to **Github Pages**:
```
